Restore desired soft deprecation behaviour (#134)
r-lib/lifecycle: NEWS.md

# lifecycle (development version)

> * `deprecate_soft()` now only deprecates in tests if you are testing
>   locally (not on CRAN) and the function comes from the current package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `deprecate_soft()` now only warns in tests if you are testing
  locally (not on CRAN) and the deprecated function is called
  directly in the package being tested.
```

I found the current explanation rather confusing

Also, does it warn on CI?
